Documentation/AdministratorManual/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _admin-manual:

Administrator Manual
====================

Installation
------------

The extension may be installed by using the Extension Manager in the TYPO3 backend:

#. Head to the TYPO3 backend module "Extension Manager"

#. Get the extension

   #. **Get it by the extension manager:** Select "Get Extensions" from the top and search for *supr*. Afterwards, click the button "Import and Install"

   #. **Get it from typo3.org:** You can always get current version from `http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/supr/current/ <http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/supr/current/>`_ by downloading either the t3x or zip version. Upload the file afterwards in the Extension Manager.


Configuration
-------------

After installation, you have to configure the extension. Switch to the Extension Manager and click on the extension name.


Login
^^^^^

Enter the credentials of your account from the SUPR management tool. With these credentials, the extension will authenticate with the API by SUPR and fetch all configured widgets.

.. figure:: ../Images/AdministratorManual/ConfigurationLogin.png
	:alt: "Login" section in extension configuration

Commit message:

[TASK] Add registration information to description
Resolves: SUPR-4

Documentation/AdministratorManual/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _admin-manual:

Administrator Manual
====================

Installation
------------

The extension may be installed by using the Extension Manager in the TYPO3 backend:

#. Head to the TYPO3 backend module "Extension Manager"

#. Get the extension

   #. **Get it by the extension manager:** Select "Get Extensions" from the top and search for *supr*. Afterwards, click the button "Import and Install"

   #. **Get it from typo3.org:** You can always get current version from `http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/supr/current/ <http://typo3.org/extensions/repository/view/supr/current/>`_ by downloading either the t3x or zip version. Upload the file afterwards in the Extension Manager.


Configuration
-------------

After installation, you have to configure the extension. Switch to the Extension Manager and click on the extension name.

Registration
^^^^^^^^^^^^

In order to use the extension in your TYPO3 website, you need an account at the SUPR application.

#. Register at supr.com with your email address.
#. You will receive an email with your password.
#. Create widgets in the SUPR administration.
#. Install the SUPR TYPO3 extension and use your login data from SUPR in the configuration.
#. Now you can use your created widgets as content elements in TYPO3.

Login
^^^^^

Enter the credentials of your account from the SUPR management tool. With these credentials, the extension will authenticate with the API by SUPR and fetch all configured widgets.

.. figure:: ../Images/AdministratorManual/ConfigurationLogin.png
	:alt: "Login" section in extension configuration
