Documentation/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=============================================================
Supr
=============================================================

.. only:: html

	:Classification:
		extension_key

	:Version:
		|release|

	:Language:
		en

	:Description:
		enter description.

	:Keywords:
		comma,separated,list,keywords

	:Copyright:
		2017

	:Author:
		Wirecard Technologies GmbH

	:Email:
		typo3@supr.com

	:License:
		This document is published under the Open Publication License
		available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

	:Rendered:
		|today|

	The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
	a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


	**Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 3
	:titlesonly:

	Introduction/Index
	AdministratorManual/Index
	UserManual/Index
	Miscellaneous/Index
	Links

Commit message:

[TASK] Add registration information to description
Resolves: SUPR-4

Documentation/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=============================================================
Supr
=============================================================

.. only:: html

	:Classification:
		extension_key

	:Version:
		|release|

	:Language:
		en

	:Description:
		SUPR provides easy to set up online stores, shopping widgets for embedding and social checkouts for selling on social media —
    All with a central management of products and orders.

	:Keywords:
		comma,separated,list,keywords

	:Copyright:
		2017

	:Author:
		Wirecard Technologies GmbH

	:Email:
		typo3@supr.com

	:License:
		This document is published under the Open Publication License
		available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

	:Rendered:
		|today|

	The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
	a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


	**Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 3
	:titlesonly:

	Introduction/Index
	AdministratorManual/Index
	UserManual/Index
	Miscellaneous/Index
	Links
